Update review guidelines (#2352)
nest/nest-simulator: doc/userdoc/contribute/code_review_guidelines.rst

number of developers is growing. All of this is not set in stone and
can be discussed on the :ref:`NEST mailing lists <community>`.

> * In general, the rule is that each pull request needs an OK from the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In most cases, each pull request needs an OK from the
```

  CI platform and at least two reviewers to be merged.
* The two reviews have to cover the technical side (i.e., if the code

>   does the right thing and is architecturally sane) and the content

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  does the right thing and is architecturally sound) and the content
```

  side (i.e., if the code is scientifically correct and fixes an

>   actual issue)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  actual issue).
```

* For changes labeled “not code” or “minor” (e.g., changes in
  documentation, fixes for typos, etc.), the need for a second code

>   review can be waived and a single rewiew plus the OK from the CI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  review can be waived, and a single review plus the OK from the CI
```

>   system is sufficient in order to merge the request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  system is sufficient to merge the request.
```

* New features like SLI or PyNEST functions, neuron or synapse models

>   need to be accompanied by one or more tests written either in SLI or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  need to be accompanied by one or more tests written in either SLI or
```

  Python.

> * Each change to the code has to be reflected also in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Each change to the code has to be reflected in the
```

>   corresponding examples and documentation, as well.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  corresponding examples and documentation.
```

>   corresponding examples and documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  corresponding examples and documentation, as well.
```

* A pull request should be coherent and contain only changes that
  belong together.

> * Please check the **typeset documentation** as part of the review

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Please check the **typeset documentation** as part of the review
```

Do you mean the cpp guidelines, and reStructuredText etc?

Author: I guess. This sentence has already been there before...

Reviewer: Maybe it would be better to link to the contribute/index page? and to check relevant guidelines found there?

Author: I somehow fail to see that connection at the moment. Could you please elaborate? For me, this point is about the fact that reviewers have to check the rendered version of documentation (if that applies) and the existing link to the documentation workflow seems appropriate to me.

Reviewer: Ok I see, I misunderstood what was meant by typeset documentation. 
How about:
```suggestion
* Please check that the typeset in the output documentation looks correct as part of the review
```

Author: Maybe like this?
```suggestion
* Please also check that the typesetting of the documentation looks correct.
```

Reviewer: :+1:

> * Please also check that the typesetting of the documentation looks correct.
>   process. To learn how to test the documentation locally offline,

Author: ```suggestion
* Please also check that the typesetting of the documentation looks
  correct. To learn how to test the documentation locally offline,
```

>   process. To learn how to test the documentation locally offline,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn how to test the documentation locally offline,
```

Author: I've already addressed this.

  please check out our :ref:`User documentation workflow
  <userdoc_workflow>`.

> At the latest before merging, reviewers have to make sure that:

Reviewer: Before merging, reviewers have to make sure that:
```

> At the latest before merging, reviewers have to make sure that:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before merging, reviewers have to make sure that:
```

> 1. pull request titles have to match the actual content of the PR and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. pull request titles match the actual content of the PR and
```

   be adequate for the release notes
1. pull request titles are complete sentences that start with an

>   upper-case, present tense verb and end without punctuation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  upper-case, present-tense verb and end without punctuation
```

>   upper-case verb and end without punctuation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  upper-case, present tense verb and end without punctuation
```

1. pull requests are assigned to projects and properly and completely

>    labelled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   labeled
```
